h1. Overview

Firebug logging bundle for [textmate](http://macromates.org) editor. As a JavaScript developer, I realize that it can be rather annoying to type console.log during project debugging phase, so that I created this bundle for myself. Hope you find it useful too.

This bundle introduces following snippets:

h2. Primitive logging:

type @log[tab]@
and you should receive @console.log('%CURSOR_POSITION%');@

h2. Parametric logging:

type @logp[tab]@
should result in the same snippet as above with the ability to define which variable to log:
@console.log('Object: %o', Object)@, where you can replace @Object@ with whatever you want

h2. Debug level

Same as above, type @debug[tab]@ and you should get @console.debug('Object: %o', Object);@ where Object can be easily customized. It can be useful if you want to use firebug logger output filters.

h2. Info-level logging

Type @info[tab]@ and you should get @console.info('%CURSOR_POSITION');@ so that firebug should add nifty icon for that log message (may be useful with firebug output filters)

h2. Warn-level logging

Same as above, but you should get 'warn' command instead of 'info'. 

h2. List properties of object

type @dir[tab]@ and you should get @console.dir(window);@, where @window@ variable can be easily replaced with whatever you want. Useful for debugging objects, modules, classes, etc.

h2. Print xml source

type @dirx[tab]@ and you should get @console.dirxml(document.getElementById('MyDiv'));@ with cursor at the dom node selection code so that you can easily change it. 

h2. Print stack trace

type @trace[tab]@ and you should get @console.trace();@ which will dump stack trace into firebug log.

h1. Installation:

<pre><code>cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles/
git clone git://github.com/aulizko/firebug-logging.tmbundle.git</code></pre>